有些人不必说再见，因为只是路过而已。遗忘就是我们给彼此最好的纪念。
即使有人打碎了你的心，总还是会有人，愿意修补好它。
总有一个人，一直住在心里，却告别在生活里。
如果有一天我们变陌生了，那么我就重新认识你。
最痛的，不是和你离别，而是离别后，回忆还紧紧缠绕。
生活有的时候很疯狂，我们追逐那些无法拥有的，却放弃那些我们最需要的。
也许你不是我微笑的唯一理由，但一定是我最喜欢的那个。
如果你不知道自己想要的是什么，那么当你拥有了也会茫然不知。
我总是害怕，有一天你会发现，我没你想的那么好。
从现在起，我将不再期待，只珍惜我所拥有的。
失去的东西，其实从来未曾真正地属于你，也不必惋惜。
我们可以放下尊严，放下个性，放下固执，却因为放不下一个人。
真的没有什么东西，完美得值得我们用生命坚持。
生活里，有很多转瞬即逝，像在车站的告别，刚刚还相互拥抱，转眼已各自天涯。很多时候，你不懂，我也不懂，就这样，说着说着就变了，听着听着就倦了，看着看着就厌了，跟着跟着就慢了，走着走着就散了，爱着爱着就淡了，想着想着就算了。
那一瞬间，你终于发现，那曾深爱过的人，早在告别的那天，已消失在这个世界。心中的爱和思念，都只是属于自己曾经拥有过的记念。 我想，有些事情是可以遗忘的，有些事情是可以记念的，有些事情能够心甘情愿，有些事情一直无能为力。我爱你，这是我的劫难。
很多人，很多事，原本是熟悉的，以为明天可以再继续，于是转过身暂时放手，想的是明日又将重聚的希望。------你回应，我靠近天堂，你沉默，我成了经过。在这个世界上，一个人一生中能遇到几个值得你去爱的人？所以遇到了就要好好珍惜，别等到秋天时才说春风已吹过，别等到告别时才说曾真的爱过！
未了的相思，终要在苍白的告别声中，缄默无语。只能，在这无力的旧句陈词中，轻描淡写一番，这些陈词旧句，依瓢画葫般描绘着此时此刻的心事，虽有点苍白，有点哀怨，有点悲伤，有点叹息。
挥手告别，扬帆远航，忘不了的，是你抛出的那根友谊的缆绳，无形中牢牢地系在我的心上。
我不知道，有多少个星辰醉心其间，挥一挥手，又怎能抹去，这不绝如缕的眷恋，哪怕今后的风景更美更好，我都无法轻抛过去，一展笑颜，尽管人生告别寻常事，真告别时，却又难说再见。
我们匆匆告别，走向各自的远方，没有言语，更没有眼泪，只有永恒的思念和祝福，在彼此的心中发出深沉的共鸣。
到了路口，就要分道扬镳，告别时用力一点，多看一眼。告别后就别回头，不是说有多坚定，而是我知道一回头看到那些熟悉的面孔，就会舍不得。但我们都不能停在原地，地球是圆的路却是直的，如果还能相遇，就让我们彼此都更好一点，愿我们在彼此看不到的岁月里熠熠生辉。
挥手告别，扬帆远航，忘不了的，是你抛出的那根友谊的缆绳，无形中牢牢地系在我的心上。
我们匆匆地告别，走向各自的远方，没有语言，更没有眼泪，只有永恒的思念和祝福，在彼此的心中发出深沉的共鸣。
所有的告别，最后都会变成对自己的告别。告别自己的顽念，告别自己的狭隘，告别自己的不甘心和放不下。从而深知，这世上的一切林林总总算下来，对自己至关重要的也不过寥寥几许。所谓走时无人送别，归时无人接风，都是再平常不过的事情。然后在些许的遗憾和失落中学会了释怀，懂得了自爱以及如何去爱。
真心去爱的人，会明白，离自己最近的地方，其实很遥远。也许是因为不适合，于是错过；也许是因为太美好，于是太短暂；也许是因为太珍惜，于是太脆弱。只有告别错的，才能与对的相逢，无论是在童话里，还是在爱情里，都是如此。
我们一路走来，告别一段往事，走入下段风景。路在延伸，风景在变幻，人生没有不变永恒。水再浑浊，只要经历长久的沉淀，依然会分外的清澄；人再愚钝，只要施予足够的努力，一样能改写命运的走向。
我们最终都要远行，最终都要跟稚嫩的自己告别。也许路途有点艰辛，有点孤独，但熬过了痛苦，我们才能得以成长。时间，是距离也是宽恕，让一些东西更清晰，让一些感情更明白，让一切都趋于平静。
我们不善于告别，许多美丽只能黯然凋零。能够留下来的，才是沉淀我们生命的底色。有时，离开很简单，遗忘却很难。你走得出别人的视野，却走不出内心的沙漠。
生命是一场漂泊的慢旅，相聚之后会分开，遇见之后将告别。陪伴我们的不一定懂得我们，温暖我们的不一定能相伴。那些爱恨悲欢，聚散离合就像繁花，也像盛宴，都将随着季节的远去，随着时光的流失而凋落，留下的是繁华之后的冷清。
这个世界，演绎了多少聚散离合，见证了多少挥手告别。我的世界，没有你，很久很久了，偶然想起那些过往，我不知，是幸，还是不幸，我不懂，是错，还是不错。岁月间，那人，那情，根植于心中，总想永存；前行间，虔诚，善良，贯穿于胸间，总愿体现。生活中，我们就是这样依恋，诚恳，坚韧。
每一个黎明醒来，是对昨日的告别，也是给自己的一个惊喜，因为度过了一个漫长的黑夜，庆幸自己还活着，虽然卑微，虽然还会继续在生命的长河里艰难跋涉，但是毕竟是一个鲜活的生命，可以真切的感受尘世的一切，包括友情亲情和爱情，还会和世间万物真切的相容。
心平气和地告别过去，只争朝夕地活在当下，淡定从容地迎接未来，看山神静，观海心阔，心态平和，知足常乐。凡事有因必有果，不同的选择，成就不同的人生。如果你不明白自己想要的究竟是什么，就会被事物的表面所迷惑，从而做出错误的选择。
带着曾经的梦中幻想，告别昨日的紧张彷徨，新的一天要大踏步迈向前方。宁静，是一杯清茶，入口，是苦后的回甜；宁静，是一本厚重的书，文字里跳跃着一生说不完的故事；宁静，是一抹浅浅的笑，眉宇间刻着风霜走过的痕迹。
从小到大，习惯了告别。可是有一种告别，说不出悲喜。那是与生命告别。终有那么一天。不论舍不舍得，我们只得离开。那些爱的、不爱的，弥漫世界里，直到你走远，很久很久，不散。尘世一路，后会无期。怀负挚爱，路过人间。
然而成长的一部分就是这样，你不断地跟熟悉的东西告别，跟熟悉的人告别，做一些以前从来不会做的事情，爱一个可能没有结果的人。成长的一个副作用就是，无论看到谁和谁分开都不会太奇怪。
我不喜欢别人的告别方式是对我说再见，在我的世界里，再见只有一种意思：那就是再也不见。所以，亲爱的，我们不要再见。因为说了太多次的再见，就真的会再也不见。
人生中，我们总是在不断的告别，不断的说再见。车站的告别、毕业的告别、远行的告别。这样的告别每天都在不同的城市，不同的角落演绎。有些告别只是为了下一次更好的相见，可有些告别却成了永远的再也不见。
“You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing.” -E.B. White (Charlotte’s Web)
“Don’t be dismayed at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.” -Richard Bach
“How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.” -A.A. Milne (Winnie-the-Pooh)
“Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.” -J.M. Barrie (Peter Pan)
“Goodbyes are not forever, are not the end; it simply means I’ll miss you until we meet again.” -Unknown
“So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.” -Helen Keller
“Yesterday brought the beginning, tomorrow brings the end, though somewhere in the middle we became the best of friends.” -Unknown
“Good friends never say goodbye. They simply say “See you soon.” -Unknown
“Though miles may lie between us, we are never far apart, for friendship doesn’t count miles, it’s measured by the heart.” -Unknown
“You and I will meet again, When we’re least expecting it, One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face, I won’t say goodbye my friend, For you and I will meet again.” -Tom Petty
“Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.” -Henry David Thoreau
“Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.” -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.” -Confucius
“Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other’s worth.” -Robert Southey
“True friends don’t say good-bye, they just take extended leaves of absences from each other.” -Unknown
“Life is a journey, not a destination.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Be well, do good work, and keep in touch.” -Garrison Keillor
“Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end.” -Semisonic
“This is the beginning of anything you want.” -Unknown
“Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again.” -William Shakespeare
“Don’t ever tell anyone anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.” -J.D. Salinger
“Bye Felicia!” -Ice Cube (Friday)
“It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest thing in the world.” -John Green (Paper Towns)
“I’ll see you in another life. When we are both cats.” -Tom Cruise (Vanilla Sky)
“I make it easier for people to leave by making them hate me a little.” -Cecelia Ahern
“Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go” -Oscar Wilde (The Duchess of Padua)
“It’s time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I’d much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.” -Ernie Harwell
“If you’re brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello.” -Paulo Coelho
“All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.” -Anatole France
“Goodbyes make you think. They make you realize what you’ve had, what you’ve lost, and what you’ve taken for granted.” -Ritu Ghatourey
“It’s sad, but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life, starts with goodbye.” -Carrie Underwood
“I can’t remember all the times I told myself to hold on to these moments as they pass.” -Counting Crows
“It’s not the days in life we remember, rather the moments.” -Walt Disney
“Our memories of yesterday will last a lifetime. We’ll take the best, forget the rest, and someday will find that these are the best of times.” -Styx
“Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for a while, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same.” -Flavia Weedn
“The magic thing about home is that it feels good to leave, and it feels even better to come back.” -Wendy Wunder
“The two hardest things to say in life is hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.” -Moira Rogers
“A man never knows how to say goodbye; a woman never knows when to say it.” -Helen Rowland
“It takes a minute to say hello and forever to say goodbye.” -Unknown
“Saying goodbye doesn’t mean anything. It’s the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.” -Trey Parker
“I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.” -Unknown
“Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything.” — Muhammad Ali
“Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.” — Thomas J. Watson
“The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.” — Elisabeth Foley
“Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.” — Anais Nin
“Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.” — Tennessee Williams
“They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.” — Carl W. Buechner
“Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.” — Amy Poehler
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” — Audrey Hepburn
“The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart.” — Helen Keller
“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” — Dumbledore
“A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.” — Walter Winchell
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.” — Unknown
“Growing apart doesn’t change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I’m glad for that.” — Ally Condie
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.” — Marcel Proust
“Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.” — Oprah Winfrey
“In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, for in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.” — Khalil Gibran
“It’s not what we have in life, but who we have in our life that matters.” — Unknown
“To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.” — Dr. Seuss
“A friend is one who overlooks your broken fence and admires the flowers in your garden.” — Unknown
“A friend who understands your tears is much more valuable than a lot of friends who only know your smile.” — Unknown
“We weren’t sisters [or brothers] by birth, but we knew from the start…fate brought us together to be sisters [or brothers] by heart.” — Unknown
“A friend is one of the best things you can be and the greatest things you can have.” — Sarah Valdez
“Best friends are the people in your life who make you laugh louder, smile brighter and live better.” — Unknown
“Time doesn’t take away from friendship, nor does separation.” — Tennessee Williams
“When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.” — Maria Shriver
“There’s not a word yet for old friends who’ve just met.” — Jim Henson
“A single rose can be my garden…a single friend, my world.” — Leo Buscaglia
“Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.” — Woodrow T. Wilson
“Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.” — Ed Cunningham
“A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.” — Donna Roberts
“It’s the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.” — Marlene Dietrich
“Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.” — G. Randolf
“A good friend is like a four-leaf clover; hard to find and lucky to have.” — Irish Proverb
“I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.” — Helen Keller
“True friends are never apart, maybe in distance but never in heart.” — Helen Keller
“No friendship is an accident.” — O. Henry
“Sometimes being with your best friend is all the therapy you need.” — Unknown
“Friends are the siblings God never gave us.” — Mencius
“True friends are like diamonds — bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style.” — Nicole Richie
“There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.” — Thomas Aquinas
“Friends are the family you choose.“ — Jess C. Scott
“Anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you.” — Misty Copeland
“A sweet friendship refreshes the soul.” — Proverbs 27:9
“Life was meant for good friends and great adventures.” — Unknown
“True friends are always together in spirit.” — L.M. Montgomery
“Best friend: the one that you can be mad at only for a short period of time because you have important stuff to tell them.” — Unknown
“You don’t have to be crazy to be my friend. I’ll train you.” — Unknown
“There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.“ — Linda Grayson
“‘Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.” — Charles Lamb
“A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.” — Bernard Meltzer
“A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.” — Arnold H. Glasgow
“A best friend is someone who makes you laugh even when you think you’ll never smile again.” — Unknown
“Best friends. Because if anyone else heard our conversations we’d end up in the mental hospital.” — Unknown
“Best friends don’t care if your house is clean. They care if you have wine.” — Unknown
“If you are ever lucky enough to find a weirdo, never let them go.” — Matthew Gray Gubler
“Friendship is so weird…you just pick a human you’ve met and you’re like ‘Yep, I like this one’ and you just do stuff with them.” — Unknown
“It’s hard to find a friend who’s cute, loving, generous, caring, and smart. My advice to y’all is, don’t lose me.” — Unknown
“I think we’ll be friends forever because we’re too lazy to find new friends.” — Unknown
“Friends buy you food. Best friends eat your food.” — Unknown
“God made us best friends because he knew our moms couldn’t handle us as sisters.” — Unknown
“We’ll be the old ladies causing trouble in the nursing home.” — Unknown
“We’ll be best friends forever because you already know too much.” — Unknown
“True friendship is when you walk into their house and your WiFi connects automatically.” — Unknown
“Never let your best friends get lonely…keep disturbing them.” — Candlelight Publications
“I love that our effortless friendship fits perfectly with my laziness.” — Unknown
“The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another’s little lapses.” — David Storey
“The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing…not healing, not curing…that is a friend who cares.” — Henri Nouwen
“True friends aren’t the ones who make your problems disappear. They are the ones who won’t disappear when you’re facing problems.” — Unknown
“A friend can tell you things you don’t want to tell yourself.” — Frances Ward Weller
“Best friends understand when you say, ‘forget it.’ Wait forever when you say, ‘just a minute.’ Stay when you say, ‘leave me alone.’ And open the door before you can say, ‘come in.’” — Unknown
“When it hurts to look back and you’re afraid to look ahead, you can look beside you and your best friend will be there.” — Unknown
“Everyone hears what you say. Friends listen to what you say. Best friends listen to what you don’t say.” — Unknown
“Don’t walk behind me; I may not lead. Don’t walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.” — Albert Camus
“A strong friendship doesn’t need daily conversation or being together. As long as the relationship lives in the heart, true friends never part.” — Unknown
“Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.” — Khalil Gibran
“Friends…they cherish one another’s hopes. They are kind to one another’s dreams.” — Henry David Thoreau
“False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.” — Richard Burton
“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.” — Aristotle
“My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.” — Henry Ford
“Everyone has a friend during each stage of life. But only lucky ones have the same friend in all stages of life.” — Unknown
“That’s when I realized what a true friend was. Someone who would always love you — the imperfect you, the confused you, the wrong you — because that is what people are supposed to do.” — Unknown
“Best friends share laughs, memories and inside jokes. They will always be honest and stand by your side no matter what. They wipe your tears, pick you up when you fall, and are forever a piece of your heart.” — Unknown
“If ever there is tomorrow when we’re not together…there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think but the most important thing is, even if we’re apart… I’ll always be with you.” — Winnie the Pooh
“Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation.” — Oscar Wilde
“A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. I am arrived at last in the presence of a man so real and equal, that I may drop even those undermost garments of dissimulation, courtesy, and second thought, which men never put off, and may deal with him with the simplicity and wholeness with which one chemical atom meets another.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.” — Albert Schweitzer
“Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare — and precious as a pearl.” — Tahar Ben Jelloun
“But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.” — Thomas Jefferson
“When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.” — Henri Nouwen
“Throughout life you will meet one person who is like no other. You could talk to this person for hours and never get bored, you could tell this person things and they will never judge you. This person is your soulmate, your best friend. Don’t ever let them go.” — Unknown
“If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.” — Winnie the Pooh
“She is a friend of my mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order.” — Toni Morrison
“Love is friendship set on fire.” — Jeremy Taylor
“Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they’re trying to find someone who’s going to make them feel good. In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take.” — Anthony Robbins
“The love that comes from friendship is the underlying facet of a happy life.” — Chelsea Handler
“Friendship is accepting a person with all their qualities — good and bad.” — Mohanlal
“Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.” — Marilyn Monroe
“It’s not being in love that makes me happy. It is the person that I am in love with that does.” — Unknown
“A friend may be waiting behind a stranger’s face.”  — Maya Angelou
“Everyone you meet knows something you don’t know but need to know. Learn from them.”  — C.G. Jung
“Don’t be afraid of new beginnings. Don’t shy away from new people, new energy, new surroundings. Embrace new chances at happiness.”  — Billy Chapata
“Each new friendship can make you a new person, because it opens up new doors inside of you.” — Kate DiCamillo
“Be genuinely interested in everyone you meet and everyone you meet will be genuinely interested in you.” — Rasheed Ogunlaru
“Since there is nothing so well worth having as friends, never lose a chance to make them.” — Francesco Guicciardini
“Every new friend is a new adventure… the start of more memories.” — Patrick Lindsay
“The great thing about new friends is that they bring new energy to your soul.” — Shanna Rodriguez
“The kindest way of helping yourself is to find a friend.” — Ann Kaiser Stearns
“Getting to know new people and gaining new friends is one of life’s greatest pleasures. So conquer your fears and get out there.” — Tony Clark
“There are friendships imprinted in our hearts that will never be diminished by time and distance.” — Dodinsky
“No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other’s worth.” — Robert Southey
“There is magic in long-distance friendships. They let you relate to other human beings in a way that goes beyond being physically together and is often more profound.” — Diana Cortes
“A part of you has grown in me, together forever we shall be, never apart, maybe in distance, but not in heart.” — Unknown
“A real friendship should not fade as time passes, and should not weaken because of space separation.” — John Newton
“Distance means so little, when someone means so much.” — Tom McNeal
“If there ever comes a day when we can’t be together, keep me in your heart. I’ll stay there forever.” — A. A. Milne
“As long as we share the same sky and breathe the same air, we’re still together.” — Donna Lynn Hope
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.” — Kahlil Gibran
“Can miles truly separate you from friends…If you want to be with someone you love, aren’t you already there?”— Richard Bach
“A strong friendship doesn’t need daily conversation, doesn’t always need togetherness, as long as the relationship lives in the heart, true friends will never part.” — Unknown
朋友，您好！我永远不会抹去对您的记忆和思念，请您亦偶尔想想我看看我。
幸在我最美好的年华里，遇见了一个愿意陪我疯的你。谢谢你一直陪伴在我身边，不离不弃。
将心停泊在彩云升起的港湾，偷偷把幸福刻在你的心间，用一缕友谊的丝线，将你我紧紧绑在岁月变迁的终点。
世界上没有比友谊更美好，更另人愉快的东西了。没有友谊，世界仿佛失去了太阳。
朋友是人生路上最美丽的景色，友谊是彼此相连的心弦，让我们用心灵的笔墨，点缀着人生路上的风景。
或许是一阵风雨的洗礼，才使得心与心之间的碰撞更为清脆响亮，更为精彩晶莹绚丽。
从我认识你以来，你就是最棒的。
与你同行，回想起我们曾拥有过的共同理想；与你分手，憧憬着我们重逢时的狂欢。
我们即将步入新的生活，前面的路还很长很长，让我们更加珍惜今天所拥有的青春和友谊，用真情去浇灌友谊的花蕾。
友情，是一叶扁舟的纤纤双桨；友情，是一袋沙漠中行走的水囊；友情，是一道黎明前的曙光！
兄弟可能不是朋友，但朋友常常如兄弟。
友情是没有翅膀的爱情。由於某种目的而开始的友情，无法持续到目的达成的时刻。
岁月的河流上，会流走很多很多。相逢时的那片红叶，也会褪色吗？
不论联系有多少，只要内心留有彼此的一片天空，那么偶尔一声问侯就会带来会心的一笑。
想对你说，你成了我的朋友就永远是我的牵挂，如果那天你没有我的信息，那不代表我不在想你，其实朋友就是这样，从来无须想起，因为从来都不曾忘记。
无论茶是浓是淡，让清香永驻心间。无论距离是近是远，让记忆彼此相连。无论联系是多是少，让祝福永不变。无论天涯海角，让友情永远永远。
只有当一个朋友，才能得一个朋友。
我不是天使，但我拥有天堂；我没有翅膀，但我俯视阳光；我没有三叶草，但我手捧希望，因为我有你，我的朋友！
让我将这浓郁的情感嵌入荧屏，捧出一颗心的真诚祝福。愿快乐与幸福永远相伴朋友你的每一天！
一个人在其人生道路上如果不注意结识新交，就会很快感到孤单。先生，人应当不断地充实自己对别人的友谊。
朋友是身边那份充实；是忍不住时刻想拨的号码；是深夜长坐的那杯清茶。
欢乐吧！朋友们，不管您身在何处，幸运与快乐时刻陪伴着您。
世界在这样一个温柔的角度里被切割。日光像水银般倒灌进去，所有的缝隙都被填满。凝固后发出镜面的光，反射出一千个世界。
歌悠悠，情悠悠，意也悠悠。你是我最亲爱的朋友，你一声亲切的问候，一次真诚的握手，似春风吹开了我的心花，如一股清泉流入了我的心头，你打开了我心灵的小窗，我便踏上了友情的绿洲。
夜晚，我想起那段深刻的经历，眼含着丝丝泪水，写下了这时刻提醒我的悔事。
大提琴低沉的声音像一条河流，左岸是我无法忘却的年年岁岁，右岸是我曾经璀璨的青春岁月。那些我们曾经以为念念不忘的岁月就在我们念念不忘的过程中被遗忘。我仍然执着相信：两条平行线总有交会的一天。
告别总是比重逢多一次